Fix #251: check VTablePtr (#252)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/representation.md

            (Some(PointerMeta::ElementCount(num)), PointerMetaKind::ElementCount) =>
                self.check_value(Value::Int(num), Type::Int(IntType::usize_ty::<M::T>()))?,
            (Some(PointerMeta::VTablePointer(ptr)), PointerMetaKind::VTablePointer(trait_name)) => {

>                 self.check_pointer(ptr.widen(None), PtrType::VTablePtr(trait_name))?;

Reviewer: We are pretty inconsistent with "Ptr" vs "Pointer" it seems...

            )?;

            // However, we do not care about the data stored wherever this pointer points to.
        } else if let PtrType::VTablePtr(trait_name) = ptr_ty {

>             // Vtable pointers must always point to an allocated vtable for the correct trait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // This is a "stand-alone" vtable pointer, something that does not exist
            // in surface Rust. Ensure that it points to an allocated vtable for the correct trait.
```

            )?;

            // However, we do not care about the data stored wherever this pointer points to.
        } else if let PtrType::VTablePtr = ptr_ty {
            // Vtable pointers must always point to an allocated vtable

>             self.vtable_from_ptr(ptr.thin_pointer)?;

Reviewer: Oh I see, this isn't even about the metadata, it is about the "standalone vtbale pointers" which don't exist in Rust.
